Zhao Santong, did King Liang send you here or Dong Qiang?
Oh my damn girl
Ye Xing can't do it at all
You can see it at a glance
Nobody sent me.
I came by myself
Die
The death of heart
Hahaha um
What a stunner
It's a pity that I want to kill Wang Xun now
No time to enjoy
But it's the same if you kill it and enjoy it again.
Just respect
If you don't want to die, put the knife down for me.
Wang Xun, when did you come here?
Leave that alone.
How to deal with him
Boy, you came just in time
Look for him everywhere
Humph
Wang Xun
Now there is no motor stick.
And what spray is that?
I see where to dig
Hahaha, you don't have these yet.
I just can't kill you, can I?
OK
I want to see what else you can do today